---
layout: post
title:  "Tricks and Tips to parking at the Alfred"
date:   2023-09-14 8:46:11 +1100
categories: medicine featured
tags: medicine transport
---
The commute to university (at the hospital) is one of the considerating factors on where I would prefer, especially since I am living at home. The Alfred Hospital is around 50-60 mins away by public transport during peak hour. Driving takes around 45-50 minutes mid-week and 35-45 minutes on Mondays and Fridays.

**Pros and Cons of the mode of transport**

_Pros of Driving_
- Faster whatever time I go to the hospital
- - possible exception at 7:30am on a Wednesday morning during the middle of Winter
- - in the morning peak, 45-50 minutes compared to 50-55 minutes by PT
- - in the afternoon peak, 40-45 minutes compared to 60 minutes+ by PT 
- More comfortable, can take more stuff
- can usually find free parking

_Pros of PT_
- compared to fuel, is $1 cheaper per day
- might have to pay for driving parking, and might have to walk further
- can do things on the buses

You can probably tell which mode I prefer.

**Where to Park at the Alfred**
There are a number of options for parking at or near the Alfred.
- $15 Student Fare in the Underground / Multi level Car park, located on the hospital grounds.
- around $1.10 an hour P parking on the road behind the hospital (near Wesley College)
- around $7.70 daily parking (Wilson's) near the tennis courts, slightly further south along Punt Road
- free parking on Commercial Road / High St (after 9am/9:30am city-bound, get in at 8:55am/9:25am to bag a spot, and before 4:30am suburb-bound). Lots of 2P for short stays
- free parking on Grattan St and Charles St
- free parking on Parsley St South (P, difficult to find, only got it once)

From my experience, if you look for long enough or go for enough, there will be free parking. However, if you are in a rush it may be preferable to sacrifice the money and pay for parking at the hospital.

**Special parking news**
My friend told me the best place near the city to park, but it's a secret - there is a road about a 5 minute walk from Flinders St which has unlimited parking after 3pm on Weekdays.